Added warnings about namespaces for categories where wasn't showen (#103)
LoneDev6/Wiki-ItemsAdder: faq/blocks-minerals-issues/custom-blocks-glitch-texture/avoid-glitched-blocks.md

### Note

Setting `disable-tripwire-updates: true` will completely stop tripwire from updating.\

> So it can potentially make tripwires traps not working anymore.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So it can potentially cause tripwires traps to not work anymore.\
```
